Update governance docs around code of conduct violations (#36)
cert-manager/community: GOVERNANCE.md

project for over a year is liable to be timed out upon review by an active
maintainer.

Anyone who is timed out can reach out to a maintainer to request to be
reinstated to their previous level.

There is no regularly scheduled check for any org level except for maintainer;
timing out non-maintainers is ad-hoc.

### Emeritus Status

Anyone who has reached the "Maintainer" level will be added to the list of
"emeriti" maintainers in `MAINTAINERS.md` upon stepping down or timing out.
This is a marker of thanks for people who were involved in shaping the project.

### Removal

The cert-manager project abides by the code of conduct in [`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Everyone interacting with the project must abide by this code of conduct, whether
officially assigned one of the levels listed in this document or if simply
interacting with the project (e.g. by joining a meeting or commenting on a
GitHub issue). The same rules apply for members of the steering committee.

If a committee with jurisdiction under the Code of Conduct recommends a person
be removed from the project, then after the conclusion (if applicable) of any

> appeals, that person will be removed and will not be eligible to re-join the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appeals, that person will be removed and will not be eligible to rejoin the
```

> project.

Reviewer: No chance of ever becoming a member again? Really) 😉

Author: Honestly I couldn't imagine a scenario where someone would get kicked out of the project and then rejoin it! Maybe if I added like a year's delay and they they could start again? But I just can't imagine how we'd ever get someone doing that!

> project for at least one year from the date of their removal.

Reviewer 2: disregard previous comment...I see that this section is *specifically* when a a removal action is the result of an incident response, and doesn't preclude other responses

#### Project Permissions and Removal

If someone with an assigned level is undergoing an investigation by any
committee with jurisdiction under the Code of Conduct, they should have all

> permissions removed temporarily while the investigation is underway.

Reviewer 3: I understand the motivation/rationale for this, however, it may be contentious to take this action *immediately*...

I also wonder if this could be an issue wrt. privacy too - if a regular community member reports another regular community member, would we inform the accused party *immediately* that there is an investigation into them underway, or would we withhold this until an appropriate time/when required? With this policy in place, once a member with some form of privileges has a complaint filed against them, they'd be immediately aware due to permissions changes.

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we should also explicitly list what is in-scope and out-of-scope for these permission changes too.. would we remove the member from GitHub orgs (to prevent them being able to edit/delete comments, manage labels on issues & PRs?).

I think the intent of these changes overall are fairly clear, but the devil is in the detail a bit, and it's particularly sensitive when it comes to code of conduct violations as these are usually, by definition, quite personal reports.

Author: I've tried to expand on this with more links to the CNCF documentation which I think states this well. Ultimately we'll always defer to the CNCF on this stuff.

If a committee with jurisdiction under the Code of Conduct recommends a person
be removed from the project, then after the conclusion (if applicable) of any
appeals, that person will be removed and will not be eligible to rejoin the

> project for at least one year from the date of their removal.

Reviewer 2: is this one year timeline a CNCF-derived requirement? I can both conceive of minor incidents where there's a clear "get-well" plan such as "provide evidence of taking a remedial training, craft an appropriate apology to the community, recommit to the code of conduct" where a "weeks to months" outcome-based timeline was appropriate.
